Module 2: Understand the Risk Management Process 
  

Module1: Getting Started
  小考2(選擇題)
    As security professionals, how do we protect this information? 
        A. By using the three parts of the CIA triad.
        CIA= Confidentiality, Integrity, Availability
         
  小考1(名詞解釋)
    authorization(授權) => The right or a permission that is granted to a system entity to access a system resource.
    Integrity(一致性) => The property tha data has not been altered in an unauthorized manner.
    Confidentiality(機密性) => The characteristic of data or information when if is not made available or disclosed to unauthorized person or processes.
    Privacy(隱私權) => The right of an individual to control the distribution of information about themselves.
    Availability(可用性) => Ensuring timely and reliable access to and use of information by authorized users.
    Non-repudiation(不可否認性) => The inabiity to deny taking an action, such as sending an email message.
    Authentication(認證) => Access control process that compares one or more factors of identification to validate that the identity claimed by a user or entity is known to the system.

  Privacy(隱私權)

    Privacy is the right of an individual to control the distribution of information about themselves. 
    While security and privacy both focus on the protection of personal and sensitive data, 
    there is a difference between them. 
    隱私是個人控制有關自己的資訊分發的權利。
    雖然安全和隱私都側重於保護個人和敏感數據，它們之間是有區別的。
    
    With the increasing rate at which data is collected and digitally stored across all industries, 
    the push for privacy legislation and compliance with existing policies steadily grows. 
    In today’s global economy, privacy legislation and regulations on privacy and data protection can impact corporations 
    and industries regardless of physical location. 
    隨著各行各業數據收集和數位存儲速度的不斷加快，對隱私立法和對現有政策的遵守的推動穩步增長。
    在當今的全球經濟中，有關隱私和數據保護的隱私立法和法規可能會影響公司和行業，無論物理位置如何。
    
    Global privacy is an especially crucial issue when considering requirements regarding the collection 
    and security of personal information. 
    There are several laws that define privacy and data protection, which periodically change. 
    在考慮有關收集的要求時，全球隱私是一個特別關鍵的問題以及個人資訊的安全性。
    有幾項法律定義了隱私和數據保護，這些法律會定期更改。
    
    Ensuring that protective security measures are in place is not enough to meet privacy regulations 
    or to protect a company from incurring penalties or fines from mishandling, misuse, or improper protection of personal 
    or private information. 
    確保保護性安全措施到位並不足以滿足隱私法規或保護公司免於因處理不當、誤用或不當保護個人而招致處罰或罰款或私人資訊。
    
    An example of a law with multinational implications is the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 
    which applies to all organizations, foreign or domestic, doing business in the EU or any persons in the EU. 
    具有跨國影響的法律的一個例子是歐盟的《通用數據保護條例》（GDPR）
    適用於在歐盟開展業務的所有外國或國內組織或歐盟境內的任何人。

    Companies operating or doing business within the United States may also fall under several state legislations 
    that regulate the collection and use of consumer data and privacy. 
    在美國境內經營或開展業務的公司也可能受到幾個州立法的約束規範消費者數據和隱私的收集和使用。
    
    Likewise, member nations of the EU enact laws to put GDPR into practice and sometimes add more stringent requirements. 
    These laws, including national- and state-level laws, 
    dictate that any entity anywhere in the world handling the private data of people in a particular legal jurisdiction 
    must abide by its privacy requirements. 
    同樣，歐盟成員國也頒布法律將GDPR付諸實踐，有時還會增加更嚴格的要求。
    這些法律，包括國家和州一級的法律，規定世界任何地方的任何實體在特定法律管轄範圍內處理人們的私人數據必須遵守其隱私要求。
    
    As a member of an organization's data protection team, you will not be required to interpret these laws, 
    but you will need an understanding of how they apply to your organization.
    作為組織數據保護團隊的成員，您無需解釋這些法律，但是，您需要了解它們如何應用於您的組織。

  Non-repudiation(不可否認性)

    Non-repudiation is a legal term and is defined as the protection 
    against an individual falsely denying having performed a particular action. 
    不可否認性是一個法律術語，被定義為保護針對錯誤地否認執行特定行為的個人。
    
    It provides the capability to determine whether a given individual took a particular action, 
    such as created information, approved information or sent or received a message.

    In today’s world of e-commerce and electronic transactions, there are opportunities for the impersonation of others 
    or denial of an action, such as making a purchase online and later denying it. 
    It is important that all participants trust online transactions. 
    Non-repudiation methodologies ensure that people are held responsible for transactions they conducted. 
    不可否認性方法確保人們對他們進行的交易負責。

  Methods of Authentication(認證的方法)

    There are two types of authentication. 
    Using only one of the methods of authentication stated previously is known as single-factor authentication (SFA) . 
    Granting users access only after successfully demonstrating or displaying two or more of these methods is known as multi-factor authentication (MFA) . 

    Common best practice is to implement at least two of the three common techniques for authentication: 
    比較好的認證作法是至少三取二
        Knowledge-based (例: ID,Password)
        Token-based (例: Card, 憑證)
        Characteristic-based  (特性識別, 例: 指紋, 刷臉)

    Knowledge-based authentication uses a passphrase or secret code to differentiate between an authorized and unauthorized user. 
    If you have selected a personal identification number (PIN), created a password or some other secret value 
    that only you know, then you have experienced knowledge-based authentication. 
    The problem with using this type of authentication alone is that it is often vulnerable to a variety of attacks. 
    For example, the help desk might receive a call to reset a user’s password. 
    單獨使用這種類型的身份驗證的問題在於，它通常容易受到各種攻擊。
    例如，技術支持人員可能會接到重置用戶密碼的呼叫。

    The challenge is ensuring that the password is reset only for the correct user and not someone else pretending to be that user. 
    挑戰在於確保僅為正確的使用者重置密碼，而不是假裝為該使用者的其他人重置密碼。

    For better security, a second or third form of authentication that is based on a token or characteristic 
    would be required prior to resetting the password. 
    為了提高安全性，基於令牌(Token)或特徵的第二種或第三種身份驗證形式在重置密碼之前需要。
    The combined use of a user ID and a password consists of two things that are known, and because it does not meet the requirement of using two or more of the authentication methods stated, it is not considered MFA. 
    使用者 ID 和密碼的組合使用由兩個已知因素組成，並且由於它不滿足使用所述兩種或多種身份驗證方法的要求，因此不被視為 MFA。
    (註: ID和PW不能夠視為MFA, 多因子認證.)

  Authentication(認證)

    When users have stated their identity, it is necessary to validate that they are the rightful owners of that identity. 
    This process of verifying or proving the user’s identification is known as authentication. 
    Simply put, authentication is a process to prove the identity of the requestor.

    There are three common methods of authentication:(認證的三個方法)
        Something you know(你知道): Passwords or passphrases
        Something you have(你有的): Tokens, memory cards, smart cards
        Something you are(你是): Biometrics , measurable characteristics

  The CIA Triad(資訊安全的金三角)

    To define security, it has become common to use Confidentiality, Integrity and Availability, 
    also known as the CIA triad. 
    
    The purpose of these terms is to describe security using relevant and meaningful words 
    that make security more understandable to management and users and define its purpose. 

    (資訊安全的金三角)
    為了定義安全性，通常使用機密性、完整性和可用性，也稱為(資訊安全的金三角)。
    這些術語的目的是使用相關且有意義的詞語來描述安全性，
    使管理層和使用者更容易理解安全性並定義其用途。

  CIA Triad Deep Dive
    機密性.(Confidentiality)
      當許多系統使用者是訪客或客戶時，機密性很難實現平衡，
      並且不知道他們是從受感染的計算機還是易受攻擊的移動應用程式訪問系統。
      因此，安全專業人員的義務是規範訪問，即保護需要保護的數據，但允許授權人員訪問。

      個人身份資訊 （PII） 是與保密領域相關的術語。它涉及可用於識別他們的有關個人的任何數據。 
      與保密相關的其他術語包括受保護的健康資訊 （PHI） 和機密或敏感資訊，
      包括商業秘密、研究、商業計劃和智慧財產權。

      另一個有用的定義是敏感度(sensitivity)，
      它是衡量資訊擁有者對資訊的重要性的指標，或表示其需要保護的目的。
      敏感資訊是指如果披露不當（機密性）或修改（完整性）會損害組織或個人的資訊。
      在許多情況下，敏感性與對外部利益相關者的傷害有關;
      也就是說，可能不屬於處理或使用資訊的組織的個人或組織

    完整性.(Integrity)
      完整性衡量事物完整和完整的程度，內部一致和正確。
      
      誠信的概念適用於：

      資訊或數據
        業務運營的系統和流程
        組織
        人及其行為

      (數據完整性)是保證數據未以未經授權的方式更改。
        這需要在系統和處理過程中保護數據，以確保其不會被不當修改，
        錯誤或信息丟失並被記錄下來，
        以確保其完整性的方式使用和維護。
      
      數據完整性涵蓋存儲中、處理過程中和傳輸過程中的數據。

      信息必須準確、內部一致且對所述目的有用。
      信息的內部一致性確保了所有相關系統上的資訊都是正確的
      以便它在所有系統上以相同的方式顯示和存儲。
      
      一致性作為數據完整性的一部分，要求數據的所有實例在形式上相同，
      內容和意義。

      (系統完整性)是指維護已知的良好配置以及系統處理資訊時的預期操作功能。
      
      確保誠信始於對國家的認識，這是系統的當前狀況。
      
      具體來說，這種意識涉及記錄的能力
      並了解資料或系統在某個點的狀態，從而創建基線。
      例如，基線可以引用資訊的當前狀態 — 它是否受到保護。
      然後，為了保持該狀態，必須始終通過交易(transaction)繼續保護資訊。

      從該基線開始，數據的完整性
      或者，始終可以通過將基線與當前狀態進行比較來確定系統。
      
      如果兩者匹配，則數據或系統的完整性完好無損;
      如果兩者不匹配，則數據或系統的完整性已受到損害。
      完整性是資訊和系統可靠性的主要因素。

      可能需要保護資訊和系統完整性
      根據法律法規。
      通常，它是由組織的需求決定的，以訪問和使用可靠的，準確的資訊。

    可用性.(Availability)
      Availability can be defined as (1) timely and reliable access to information and the ability to use it, 
      and (2) for authorized users, timely and reliable access to data and information services.
      可用性可以定義為：（1）及時可靠地獲取資訊並使其使用的能力，
      （2）對於授權使用者，及時可靠地訪問數據和資訊服務。

      The core concept of availability is that data is accessible to authorized users 
      when and where it is needed and in the form and format required. 
      可用性的核心概念是授權用戶可以訪問數據
      何時何地需要，並以所需的形式和格式。
      
      This does not mean that data or systems are available 100% of the time. 
      Instead, the systems and data meet the requirements of the business for timely and reliable access.
      這並不意味著數據或系統在100%的時間內可用。
      相反，系統和數據滿足了企業對及時可靠訪問的要求。

      Some systems and data are far more critical than others, 
      so the security professional must ensure that the appropriate levels of availability are provided. 
      有些系統和數據比其他系統和數據更重要，
      因此，安全專業人員必須確保提供適當的可用性級別。
      
      This requires consultation with the involved business to ensure that critical systems are identified and available. 
      這需要與相關營業單位協商，以確保關鍵系統得到識別和可用性。

      Availability is often associated with the term criticality, 
      because it represents the importance an organization gives to data or an information system in performing its operations or achieving its mission.
      可用性通常與術語「關鍵性」相關聯，
      因為它代表了組織在執行其運營或實現其使命時對數據或信息系統的重要性。

  Course Content

    This Official ISC2 Certified in Cybersecurity (CC) self-paced course provides a 
    comprehensive review of information systems security concepts, 
    industry best practices and terminology. 

    The goal of this content is to provide students with the core knowledge necessary 
    to be a successful entry-level cybersecurity practitioner(實踐者) in today’s world 
    and review concepts outlined in the Official ISC2 Certified in Cybersecurity (CC) Exam Outline.

    The course covers all topics from the exam outline and additional topics approved by the ISC2 Education Committee. 

    (建議作法: 先把考試大綱看1次, 了解每個領域及子題的目標)
    It is recommended that candidates start with a review of the Exam Outline 
    with the goal of understanding each domain and subtopics. 
    Please see the ISC2 website to review the exam outline.

    Material has been broken into five working chapters. 
    The sixth chapter concludes the course and provides links to the ISC2 website, 
    where you can access information about registering and preparing for the exam 
    and the certification requirements and processes.

    At the start of each chapter, the objectives are identified, 
    indicating what you can expect to learn after completing the chapter. 
    These objectives are divided into smaller modules and sections. 
    Modules contain activities that reinforce covered topics with a goal of increasing knowledge retention(保留).

    In addition, to help you learn industry terminology, definitions to glossary terms are included in the chapter content, 
    as well as provided in the course glossary and the practice flash cards. 
    A term that is bold and underlined in the text indicates that the word is a glossary term. 
    Hover over the term and the definition will pop up.

    Downloadable chapter resources are provided and designed to be a study tool that lists key takeaways from each chapter, 
    including graphics illustrating chapter concepts and a glossary of terms.  

Module2: Course Introduction(介紹 CC 考試裡面的五大領域)
  
    1.Security Principles 
    2.Incident Response, Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Concepts 
    3.Access Control Concepts 
    4.Network Security 
    5.Security Operations 
  
  Course Objectives(課程目標)

  >> After completing this course, you will be able to:  

      Discuss the foundational concepts of cybersecurity principles. 
      Recognize foundational security concepts of information assurance. 
      Define risk management terminology and summarize the process. 
      Relate risk management to personal or professional practices. 
      Classify types of security controls. 
      Distinguish between policies, procedures, standards, regulations and laws. 
      Demonstrate the relationship among governance elements. 
      Analyze appropriate outcomes according to the canons of the ISC2 Code of Ethics when given examples. 
      Practice the terminology of and review security policies. 
      Explain how organizations respond to, recover from and continue to operate during unplanned disruptions. 
      Recall the terms and components of incident response. 
      Summarize the components of a business continuity plan. 

      Identify the components of disaster recovery. 
      Practice the terminology and review concepts of business continuity, disaster recovery and incident response. 
      Select access controls that are appropriate in a given scenario. 
      Relate access control concepts and processes to given scenarios. 
      Compare various physical access controls. 
      
      Describe logical access controls. 
      Practice the terminology and review concepts of access controls. 
      Explain the concepts of network security. 
      Recognize common networking terms and models. 
      Identify common protocols and ports and their secure counterparts. 
      Identify types of network (cyber) threats and attacks. 
      Discuss common tools used to identify and prevent threats. 
      
      Identify common data center terminology. 
      Recognize common cloud service terminology. 
      Identify secure network design terminology. 
      Practice the terminology and review concepts of network security. 
      
      Explain concepts of security operations. 
      Discuss data handling best practices. 
      
      Identify key concepts of logging and monitoring. 
      Summarize the different types of encryption and their common uses. 
      Describe the concepts of configuration management. 
      Explain the application of common security policies. 
      Discuss the importance of security awareness training. 
      Practice the terminology and review concepts of network operations.  

  CC Exam Domain to Course Chapter Mapping(有一份文件下載, CC五大領域 <==> 線上課程模組對應表.)

課程揭露
  ISC2 prides itself on providing a vendor neutral approach to all domains of information security. There is no shortage of open source and proprietary tools that an information security professional can utilize in practice. To enhance the learning of key concepts in our courses, we may choose to reference and/or leverage specific tools as mechanisms to facilitate your learning. We understand that the tools that ISC2 Education utilizes as examples are among a wide array that are available. The use of a specific tool is in no way intended to be an endorsement of any particular product, service or vendor.  
  In some cases, course activities are based on fictional stories/scenarios and do not depict any actual person, organization or event. Any similarities to actual persons, organizations or events are purely coincidental.  
  The information provided in this course is for educational purposes only. ISC2 accepts no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the use or misuse of any information herein. As a reminder, all ISC2 members are required to commit to the Code of Ethics.

  ISC2 為所有資訊安全領域提供供應商中立的方法而感到自豪。
  資訊安全專業人員可以在實務中使用的開源和專有工具並不缺乏。
  為了加強對我們課程中關鍵概念的學習，我們可能會選擇引用和/或利用特定工具作為促進您學習的機制。
  我們知道 ISC2 Education 所使用的工具是眾多可用工具之一。使用特定工具絕不意味著對任何特定產品、服務或供應商的認可。
  在某些情況下，課程活動是基於虛構的故事/場景，並不描繪任何真實的人、組織或事件。
  任何與真實人物、組織或事件的相似之處純屬巧合。
  本課程中提供的資訊僅用於教育目的。 
  ISC2 對使用或誤用此處任何資訊不承擔任何責任。謹此提醒，所有 ISC2 成員都必須遵守道德準則。

ISC2 Code of Ethics(道德宣言)
  All information security professionals who are certified by ISC2 recognize that such certification is a privilege that must be both earned and maintained. In support of this principle, all ISC2 members are required to commit to fully support this Code of Ethics (the "Code"). ISC2 members who intentionally or knowingly violate any provision of the Code will be subject to action by a peer review panel, which may result in the revocation of certification. ISC2 members are obligated to follow the ethics complaint procedure upon observing any action by an ISC2 member that breach the Code. Failure to do so may be considered a breach of the Code pursuant to Canon IV. 
  所有獲得 ISC2 認證的資訊安全專業人員都認識到，此類認證是一種必須獲得和維持的特權。為了支持這項原則，所有 ISC2 成員都必須承諾全力支持本道德準則（「準則」）。故意或故意違反本準則任何規定的 ISC2 成員將受到同儕審查小組的處罰，這可能會導致認證被撤銷。 ISC2 成員在發現 ISC2 成員違反本準則的任何行為後，有義務遵守道德申訴程序。根據 Canon IV 的規定，如果不這樣做，可能會被視為違反本準則。

  There are only four mandatory canons in the Code. By necessity, such high-level guidance is not intended to be a substitute for the ethical judgment of the professional. 
  該守則中只有四項強制性規範。必要時，這種高水準的指導並不旨在取代專業人士的道德判斷。

  Code of Ethics Preamble  (序言)
  The safety and welfare of society and the common good, duty to our principals, and to each other, requires that we adhere, and be seen to adhere, to the highest ethical standards of behavior. 
  Therefore, strict adherence to this Code is a condition of certification. 
  社會的安全和福祉以及共同利益、對我們的委託人以及彼此的責任，要求我們堅持並讓人們看到我們遵守最高的行為道德標準。
  因此，嚴格遵守本準則是獲得認證的條件。

  Code of Ethics Canons:
  保護社會、共同利益、必要的公眾信任和信心以及基礎設施。
  行事誠實、公正、負責、合法。
  為校長提供勤勉、稱職的服務。
  促進並保護該職業。

第1次考試結果：70分: 2024/01/01
  38.In order for a biometric security to function properly, 
  an authorized person's physiological data must be ______. (D3, L3.2.1) 


  39.Which of the following would be considered a logical access control? (D3, L3.3.1)
  A fingerprint reader that allows an employee to access a laptop computer

  40.Handel is a senior manager at Triffid, Inc., and is in charge of implementing a new access control scheme for the company. Handel wants to ensure that employees who are assigned to new positions in the company do not retain whatever access they had in their old positions. 
  Which method should Handel select? (D3, L3.3.1)
  Role-based access controls (RBAC)

  41.A _____ is a record of something that has occurred. (D3, L3.2.1) 
  Log

  42.Which of the following is probably most useful at the perimeter of a property? (D3, L3.2.1) 
  fence

  43.Tekila works for a government agency. All data in the agency is assigned a particular sensitivity level, called a "classification." Every person in the agency is assigned a "clearance" level, 
  which determines the classification of data each person can access.  
  What is the access control model being implemented in Tekila's agency? (D3, L3.3.1)
  MAC (mandatory access control)

  44.Suvid works at Triffid, Inc. When Suvid attempts to log in to the production environment, a message appears stating that Suvid has to reset the password. 
  What may have occurred to cause this? (D3, L3.3.1)
  Suvid's password has expired

  45.Which of the following would be best placed in the DMZ of an IT environment? (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  Mail server.(B is correct; devices that must often interact with the external environment (such as a mail server) are typically best situated in the DMZ.)

  46.Which type of fire-suppression system is typically the safest for humans? (D4.3 L4.3.1) 
  Water

  47.A device that filters network traffic in order to enhance overall security/performance. (D4.1 L4.1.1) 
  Firewall

  48.Which common cloud deployment model typically features only a single customer's data/functionality stored on specific systems/hardware? (D4.3 L4.3.2) 
  B is correct; this is the defining feature of private cloud.

  49.Triffid, Inc., has deployed anti-malware solutions across its internal IT environment. 
  What is an additional task necessary to ensure this control will function properly? (D4.2 L4.2.3) 
  Update the anti-malware solution regularly

  50.To adequately ensure availability for a data center, it is best to plan for both resilience and _______ of the elements in the facility. (D4.3 L4.3.1) 
  Redundancy

  51.A VLAN is a _____ method of segmenting networks. (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  Logical

  52.A means to allow remote users to have secure access to the internal IT environment. (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  VPN

  53.An IoT (Internet of Things) device is typified by its effect on or use of the _____ environment. (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  Physical

  54.A tool that inspects outbound traffic to reduce potential threats. (D4.2 L4.2.3) 
  DLP (data loss prevention)

  55.Triffid, Inc., has many remote workers who use their own IT devices to process Triffid's information. 
  The Triffid security team wants to deploy some sort of sensor on user devices in order to recognize and identify potential security issues. Which of the following is probably most appropriate for this specific purpose? (D4.2 L4.2.2) 
  HIDS (host-based intrusion-detection systems)

  56.Ludwig is a security analyst at Triffid, Inc. Ludwig notices network traffic that might indicate an attack designed to affect the availability of the environment. 
  Which of the following might be the attack Ludwig sees? (D4.2 L4.2.1) 
  DDOS (distributed denial of service)

  57.The section of the IT environment that is closest to the external world; where we locate IT systems that communicate with the Internet. (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  DMZ

  58.A device that is commonly useful to have on the perimeter between two networks. (D4.3 L4.3.3) 
  Firewall

  59.Barry wants to upload a series of files to a web-based storage service, so that people Barry has granted authorization can retrieve these files. Which of the following would be Barry's preferred communication protocol if he wanted this activity to be efficient and secure? (D4, L4.1.2)
  SFTP (Secure File Transfer Protocol)

  60.A tool that aggregates log data from multiple sources, and typically analyzes it and reports potential threats. (D4.2 L4.2.2) 
  SIEM

  61."Wiring _____" is a common term meaning "a place where wires/conduits are often run, and equipment can be placed, 
  in order to facilitate the use of local networks." (D4.3 L4.3.1) 
  {Closet}

  62.A tool that filters inbound traffic to reduce potential threats. (D4.2 L4.2.3) 
  (O)Firewall
  (X)DLP solutions typically monitor outbound traffic. 


  63.Triffid, Inc., wants to host streaming video files for the company's remote users, but wants to ensure the data is protected while it's streaming. 
  Which of the following methods are probably best for this purpose? (D5.1, L5.1.3) 
  Symmetric encryption

  64.The organization should keep a copy of every signed Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) on file, and issue a copy to _______. (D5.3, L5.3.1)
  The user who signed it 

  65.Data _____ is data left behind on systems/media after normal deletion procedures have been attempted. (D5.1, L5.1.1) 
  Remanence

  66.Dieter wants to send a message to Lupa and wants to be sure that Lupa knows the message has not been modified in transit. 
  What technique/tool could Dieter use to assist in this effort? (D5.1, L5.1.3) 
  Hashing

  67.Archiving is typically done when _________. (D5.1, L5.1.1) 
  Data is not needed for regular work purposes

  68.If two people want to use symmetric encryption to conduct a confidential conversation, 
  how many keys do they need? (D5.1, L5.1.3) 
  1

  69.Logs should be reviewed ______. (D5.1, L5.1.2) 
  Continually

  70.When Pritha started working for Triffid, Inc., Pritha had to sign a policy that described how Pritha would be allowed to use Triffid's IT equipment. 
  What policy was this? (D5.3, L5.3.1) 
  The acceptable use policy (AUP)

  71.An organization must always be prepared to ______ when applying a patch. (D5.2, L5.2.1) 
  Rollback

  72.Proper alignment of security policy and business goals within the organization is important because: (D5.3, L5.3.1) 
  Security policy that conflicts with business goals can inhibit productivity

  73.Who dictates policy? (D5.3, L5.3.1) 
  Senior management

  74.By far, the most crucial element of any security instruction program. (D5.4, L5.4.1) 
  Preserve health and human safety

  75.Security controls on log data should reflect ________. (D5.1, L5.1.2) 
  The sensitivity of the source device